Journey 1a (programmer est. 8 hours):
Given there are no timers created nor active timer running/paused,
When I launch the app,
Then I see the screen telling me to create a new timer

Journey 1b (est. 8 hours):
Given I am on the timer creation screen,
When I set the timer details,
Then I should have an option to set these vibration patterns: 
	1 buzz (5 seconds), 3 buzzes (3 seconds each), 5 buzzes (2 seconds each), 1 long buzz (20 seconds) 

Journey 1c (est. 8 hours):
Given I am on the timer creation screen,
When I set the timer details,
Then I should have an option to set how many times the timer repeats and the interval between each repetition

Journey 2 (est. 8 hours):
Given there is at least one timer created,
When I launch the app,
Then I see the screen with a list of created timers

Journey 3 (est. 1 hours):
Given there is one active timer running or paused,
When I launch the app,
Then I see the active timer screen showing running/paused state

Journey 4a (est. 1 hours):
Given there are multiple active timers running or paused,
When I launch the app,
Then I am taken to the screen with timers list, and active timers are highlighted (indicating running/paused states on that list)

Journey 4b (est. 1 hours):
Given there is an active timer(s) running or paused,
When I navigate to the screen with a list of created timer(s),
Then I should see the active timer(s) highlighted on that list

Journey 5 (est. 1 hours):
Given there is an active timer running or paused,
When I press Stop button on the active timer screen,
Then the timer should stop and I am taken to the screen with a list of created timers

Journey 6 (est. 1 hours):
Given there is an active timer running or paused,
When I press Pause button on the active timer screen,
Then the timer progress on that screen should blink to indicate that it is paused

Journey 7 (est. 1 hours):
Given there is an active timer(s) running or paused,
When I try to start another timer,
Then it should start and run simultaneously with the active timer(s) in the background

Journey 8 (est. 1 hours):
Given that I am on an active timer screen,
When I swipe left-to-right, 
Then I should be taken to the screen with a list of created timers

Journey 9 (est. 1 hours):
Given that I am on the screen with a list of created timers,
When I click on a timer in the list, 
Then I should be taken to the screen for that timer

Journey 10a (est. 1 hours):
Given that I am on the screen with a list of created timers,
When I long-press on a timer,
Then that list item should reveal a swipe menu with a delete button

Journey 10b (est. 1 hours):
Given that I am on the screen with a list of created timers,
When I try to delete a timer,
Then a confirmation dialog should appear

Journey 11 (est. 1 hours):
Given that I am on the screen with a list of created timers,
When I click on a timer that isn't running/paused,
Then I see the screen allowing me to modify the timer details, as well as start it

Journey 12a (est. 1 hours):
Given that a running timer finished its countdown and is vibrating,
When I press on the Next button,
Then the timer transitions to the next interval (or stops if it only had one interval)

Journey 12b (est. 1 hours):
Given that a running timer finished its countdown and is vibrating,
When I press on any hardware button on the watch,
Then the timer transitions to the next interval (or stops if it only had one interval)

Journey 12c (est. 1 hours):
Given that a running timer finished its countdown and is vibrating,
When I rotate a back/forth wrist gesture three times,
Then the timer transitions to the next interval (or stops if it only had one interval)

Journey 13 (est. 1 hours):
Given that I select a timer from the list,
When I look at that timer's detail screen,
Then I should see a 'Configure' button that allows me to modify this timer's details

Journey 14a (est. 8 hours):
Given that I am on the smart watch face screen (watch face),
When try to add a complication to the watch face,
Then I get the option to add this Vibrating Watch Timer app

Journey 14b (est. 4 hours):
Given that I have added a complication for my app,
When I view the complication,
Then I see the ongoing timer progress (if there is One ongoing timer), otherwise I just see the shortcut to take me to my timer list
